Best ship? Oh, best dish. Uh...
There's so many. I have a lot.
Um I once went in a restaurant in Insa-dong.
Um it went like viral online. That sucks.
pretty much uh like their dishes called Dongguandae
Yeah, so it's like uh
Yeah, there was like pasta on your dish, like these slabs of meat.
And it looks very like aesthetic too. Very Instagram worthy.
I also took like a lot of photos and videos out there. It was super adventurous.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Um...
Yeah, just with friends. It's so busy. I met up
Like a few of them. Yeah, we went to...
Go eat and go get some drinks, like soju. Yeah.
Oh, yes. And with one of my friends, I...
went to uh... what was that bar called?
Nami island with my friend. Yeah. So, we had to go to
you get uh an hour 30 minute ride.
It's like, yeah. Yeah.
Actually, it wasn't that much. I think it's 30
was like
Yeah, so...
Uh... yeah.
It takes to... oh yeah.
Yeah.
No, I just think it pretty much exact.
Yeah, I wanted to buy
Yeah, I just didn't have time. Maybe on my next trip.
when I go back in Korea.
Song.... Oh.
Yeah, sounds interesting.
I haven't. Yeah. Yeah. Oh...
Oh, I see.
Uh-huh.
I also stayed at uh Gangnam-gu, that's where my hotel at, so
pretty cool area too. Um I stayed in this hotel called
Cappuccino. Yeah. So, It's more geared towards like young people.
um And there's like a co-working space.
There were like a few people like, all calling
When I was like eating my lunch over there.
Yeah. It's made for like, I guess solo traveling.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah. A little bit. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah. People driving like really expensive cars.
Yeah, And the shops were like Yeah very high-end.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, actually I did go to this place called Solacee.
Soonsu yeah, yeah.
Like there there uh their main uh shop and I went
little gold digger like smooth skin. Yeah, it was little expensive but I think
worth it. Yeah, yeah.
Uh I think a little about a hundred. Yeah.
So, I always like uh
It's a business like, you can analyze, you can get from there.
I wanted like this one package because you have to reserve it online.
But um the person that I was talking to recommended me.
to get a different, based on my skin. Yeah.
So, um yeah. they give you like a full like um head massage
and shoulder massage too, and
um a lot of like facial, facial like more of massage.
Yeah, I think it was like a 90 minute.
facial. yeah.
Oh yeah. No, I didn't do any.
Very calm.
Oh, yeah. I heard that.
mmh
Okay.
Oh, very nice. Oh, no.
Wow.